c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\WindowsApp1.exe.config
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\WindowsApp1.exe
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\WindowsApp1.pdb
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\WindowsApp1.xml
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsApp1.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsApp1.Form1.resources
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsApp1.Resources.resources
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsApp1.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsApp1.exe
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsApp1.xml
c:\users\xxpon\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsApp1\WindowsApp1\obj\Debug\WindowsApp1.pdb
